README.md, before:

Applescripts.
============
<BR>
###Overview
A collection of various applescripts I have created. I try to keep them general (rather than application specific) so that they could be useful to as many people as possible, though many of them are specific to my personal needs. 

<BR>
###Script Categories 
Listed as folders above. Most scripts should be self-explanatory, however, short descriptions for each folder will come soon as a 'README.md' file.  

<BR>
###Links/Dependencies  

- [Caffeine App](http://lightheadsw.com/caffeine/) (or [here](http://macdownload.informer.com/caffeine)) - a menu bar application that prevents your monitor from sleeping. (If you don't want an extra application in your menubar, here is [a different way](http://lifehacker.com/5767991/how-to-force-your-mac-to-stay-awake-indefinitely-via-the-command-line), and if you're on 10.8+ [you can go ahead and use this command](https://developer.apple.com/library/mac/documentation/Darwin/Reference/Manpages/man8/caffeinate.8.html). Both work via ```do shell script```.)
                                                                                    
- [Location Helper](http://www.mousedown.net/mouseware/LocationHelper.html) - use core location in applescripts.  

- [Pandoc](http://johnmacfarlane.net/pandoc/) and [Textutil](https://developer.apple.com/library/mac/documentation/Darwin/Reference/ManPages/man1/textutil.1.html) - document conversion via the command line.    

- I have also created a few [Gists](https://gist.github.com/unforswearing) for more specific applescript/bash related tasks, with a growing list of shell scripts also located [here](https://github.com/unforswearing/Shell).  

- Also, check out my [Alfred Workflows](https://github.com/unforswearing/alfredWorkflows), including [dued](https://github.com/unforswearing/dued), which may be my favorite creation.  


<BR>
###"Legal"
All scripts are provided AS IS without warranty, etc, etc. Feel free to use parts/all of these scripts in your fancy project (you are encouraged to drop me a line if you do). Take the plunge.

Commit message:

added youtube post dependency link

README.md, after:

Applescripts.
============
<BR>
###Overview
A collection of various applescripts I have created. I try to keep them general (rather than application specific) so that they could be useful to as many people as possible, though many of them are specific to my personal needs. 

<BR>
###Script Categories 
Listed as folders above. Most scripts should be self-explanatory, however, short descriptions for each folder will come soon as a 'README.md' file.  

<BR>
###Links/Dependencies  

- [Caffeine App](http://lightheadsw.com/caffeine/) (or [here](http://macdownload.informer.com/caffeine)) - a menu bar application that prevents your monitor from sleeping. (If you don't want an extra application in your menubar, here is [a different way](http://lifehacker.com/5767991/how-to-force-your-mac-to-stay-awake-indefinitely-via-the-command-line), and if you're on 10.8+ [you can go ahead and use this command](https://developer.apple.com/library/mac/documentation/Darwin/Reference/Manpages/man8/caffeinate.8.html). Both work via ```do shell script```.)
                                                                                    
- [Location Helper](http://www.mousedown.net/mouseware/LocationHelper.html) - use core location in applescripts.  

- [Pandoc](http://johnmacfarlane.net/pandoc/) and [Textutil](https://developer.apple.com/library/mac/documentation/Darwin/Reference/ManPages/man1/textutil.1.html) - document conversion via the command line.    

- `Youtube-Post.scpt` requires [GoogleCL](https://code.google.com/p/googlecl/), which is also useful for blogger, google calendar, and contacts.      

- I have also created a few [Gists](https://gist.github.com/unforswearing) for more specific applescript/bash related tasks, with a growing list of shell scripts also located [here](https://github.com/unforswearing/Shell).  

- Also, check out my [Alfred Workflows](https://github.com/unforswearing/alfredWorkflows), including [dued](https://github.com/unforswearing/dued), which may be my favorite creation.  


<BR>
###"Legal"
All scripts are provided AS IS without warranty, etc, etc. Feel free to use parts/all of these scripts in your fancy project (you are encouraged to drop me a line if you do). Take the plunge.
